# Advanced-SQL-Challenge

**Module 10 Challenge: UWA/edx Data Analytics Bootcamp**

Github repository at: [https://github.com/RyanLJames1997/Advanced-SQL-Challenge.git](https://github.com/RyanLJames1997/Advanced-SQL-Challenge)

## Introduction

## Scope

In this challenge, we are to apply the foundational learning of Matplotlib, and apply this to a real-world scenario and dataset.

### Background

You've just joined Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specializes in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.

As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.

### Goal

The overall goal of this analysis is to generate tables and figures needed for a well-structured technical report.
.
### Instructions

This assignment is broken down into the following tasks:

    (1) Prepare the data.
    (2) Generate summary statistics.
    (3) Create bar charts and pie charts.
    (4) Calculate quartiles, find outliers, and create a box plot.
    (5) Create a line plot and a scatter plot.
    (6) Calculate correlation and regression.
    (7) Submit your final analysis.

### Repository Structure

The Jupyter notebook [`pymaceuticals.ipynb`](https://github.com/RyanLJames1997/DataVisualisation-Matplotlib-Challenge/blob/main/Starter_Code/Pymaceuticals/pymaceuticals_starter.ipynb) is contained in the root directory

`Resources` directory contains the datasets: [`Mouse_metadata.csv`](https://github.com/RyanLJames1997/DataVisualisation-Matplotlib-Challenge/blob/main/Starter_Code/Pymaceuticals/data/Mouse_metadata.csv) and [`Study_results.csv`](https://github.com/RyanLJames1997/DataVisualisation-Matplotlib-Challenge/blob/main/Starter_Code/Pymaceuticals/data/Study_results.csv)

### Dataset

The dataset was generated by the team at **Mockaroo, LLC (2022)** realistc data generator.
